Kevin Connolly: Okay, so this, on that topic, this is an example from the Talent Trends reports. The, the red line is just, like, the average hires per recruiter per quarter. You can kind of ignore that. I just wanted to show the gray bars, which is the average applications per hire made. And so this is averaged over a few thousand different companies. If you wanted to sub-segment it and get into more details of it, you'd see some varying dynamics, but usually when we slice this chart one way or the other, you can see since 2021,
Kevin Connolly: onward, that it used to be, like, on average, 100 applicants, and then you get a hire made, and now it's averaging 300.
Kevin Connolly: I can tell you anecdotally, first data role I hired for at Ashby, I had, like, 45 applicants, because we were a smaller company, not as well known.
Kevin Connolly: And the most recent one had, like, around 1,500 applicants. You know, so the average is there, and then there's people way above it and way below it as well.
Kevin Connolly: And then this is… this is just for getting that point home about hard decisions. This is the number, like, the average number of applicants that get an interview, split up by, like, business roles and technical roles.
Kevin Connolly: technical roles means, like, software engineer, data team, designers, product management, and businesses, like, the sort of catch-all for others. And so when you see something like 17.9, that just means, like, let's just call it 18 applicants for that job got a scheduled interview.
Kevin Connolly: And they might… the one, obviously, that got hired or made it further got more than one, but, like, roughly, you could see that, like, teams are talking to about 18 people.
Kevin Connolly: Through a scheduled interview, and we know they're getting, like, on average, 300 applicants per higher. So…
Kevin Connolly: This is really a reflection of, like, you got the roughly top-of-funnel screens happen in a one- to two-week window. Hiring managers are busy.
Kevin Connolly: We… even if there's a lot of really talented people, the response is not, how do we make time to screen everybody that seems like a good candidate, but how do we get better at picking
Kevin Connolly: the top 20.
Kevin Connolly: candidates. So you can be very well fit for a job and just, like, not even get a screen, and that can be a little bit demoralizing, I think, but the perspective from the inside of a talent team is often what's missing, and it can be a little bit of a consolation, like, look, there's…
Kevin Connolly: competition out there for certain roles, but it's not always about you being judged. It's, like, a system and process, and it's a collective
Kevin Connolly: Collection of candidates.